chore: Translate all documentation to English (#1054)
Amsterdam/design-system: storybook/storybook-docs/src/typography.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Typeset } from "@storybook/blocks";

<Meta title="Docs/Design Guidelines/Typography" />

# Typography

## Text Size

### Seven Text Levels

There are 7 levels of text size and corresponding line height.
Each typographic element belongs to one of these levels: title, paragraph, link, quote, form text, etc.
They are numbered from 0 to 6 to align them with the levels of headings.
Examples:

| Level | Components                             |
| ----: | :------------------------------------- |
|     0 | Page heading                           |
|     1 | Heading 1                              |
|     2 | Heading 2                              |
|     3 | Heading 3, Blockquote                  |
|     4 | Heading 4, Large Paragraph             |
|     5 | Paragraph, List, Link, Button          |
|     6 | Small Paragraph, Page Menu, Breadcrumb |

### Responsive

The text size depends on the window width, ensuring pleasant reading on screens of all sizes.
This also complements the responsive [grid](?path=/docs/react_layout-grid--docs).

> Each level has a minimum text size, active up to a window width of 320 pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each level has a minimum text size, up to a window width of 320 pixels.
```

> There’s also a maximum text size from a window width of 1600 pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There’s also a maximum text size starting at a window width of 1600 pixels.
```

> ### Overhang

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Letter spacing
```

The space between letters (kerning) has been optimized in the typeface.
Adjusting kerning is not allowed.

## Other Properties

### Contrast

The contrast between text and background colour must meet the latest legal accessibility requirements of [WCAG, level AA](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/contrast-minimum.html).

> Most text in the house style is pure black on pure white, meeting the requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most text in the corporate identity is pure black on pure white, meeting the requirement.
```
